Improvements To Metadata (#514)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/appendix/examples/metadata_examples/data_generator_example.md

# Data Generator Metadata

## Scenario

> Our providers name is ACME. ACME has provides a metadata file that includes the name of the entity that is generating the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our provider's name is ACME, and they provide a metadata file that includes the name of the entity that is generating the data.
```

> Our providers name is ACME. ACME has provides a metadata file that includes the name of the entity that is generating the data.

Author: Pushed what you suggested with a small tweak.
